ref(solidstart): Overhaul solidstart options and sourcemap uploading (#11173)
getsentry/sentry-docs: platform-includes/getting-started-sourcemaps/javascript.solidstart.mdx

## Add Readable Stack Traces to Errors

To upload source maps, use the `sentrySolidStartVite` plugin from `@sentry/solidstart` and configure an auth token.

> Auth tokens can be passed to the plugin explicitly with the `authToken` option with a
> `SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN` environment variable or with an `.env.sentry-build-plugin` file in the working directory when

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Auth tokens can be passed to the plugin explicitly with the `authToken` option. You can use the
`SENTRY_AUTH_TOKEN` environment variable or have an `.env.sentry-build-plugin` file in the working directory when
```
